feat: introduce `App::run_return` (#12668)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/introduce-run-return.md

---
tauri: 'minor:feat'
tauri-runtime: 'minor:feat'
tauri-runtime-wry: 'minor:feat'
---

> Add `App::run_return` function. Contrary to `App::run`, this will **not** exit the thread but instead return the requested exit-code. This allows the host app to perform further cleanup after Tauri has exited.

Author: ```suggestion
Add `App::run_return` function. Contrary to `App::run`, this will **not** exit the process but instead return the requested exit-code. This allows the host app to perform further cleanup after Tauri has exited.
```

---
tauri: 'minor:feat'
tauri-runtime: 'minor:feat'
tauri-runtime-wry: 'minor:feat'
---

> Add `App::run_return` function. Contrary to `App::run`, this will **not** exit the process but instead return the requested exit-code. This allows the host app to perform further cleanup after Tauri has exited. `App::run_return` is only available on desktop platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `App::run_return` function. Contrary to `App::run`, this will **not** exit the process but instead return the requested exit-code. This allows the host app to perform further cleanup after Tauri has exited. `App::run_return` is not available on iOS and fallbacks to the regular `App::run` functionality.
```
